hi surprised so happy I didn't hear you
come in it's over I've got you yeah I
gotta tell you people
I really really admire your grit I see
what Liz likes you
I do you first came to the house I
wasn't sure I thought really but I get
it now how could you do this to her to
her I'm not doing anything to her Peter
I'm doing this for her huh yeah Peter
you're young you don't understand how
the world works
yeah but I understand it's selling
weapons to criminals is wrong how do you
think your buddies Stark paid for that
Tower
or any of his little toys those people
Pete those people up there the rich and
the powerful
they do whatever they want guys like us
are you me hell care about us we build
the roads and we fight all their wars
and everything they don't care about us
it's pick up after and where's to eat
their table scraps
that's how it is
I know you know what I'm talking about
Peter why are you telling me this
because I want you to understand and I
need a little time to get her airborne
I'm sorry Peter what are you talking
about that thing isn't even touched me
yet true then again wasn't really trying
to
these machines are powering up engine
okay
[Music]